So now our next requirement is to be able to have five stages of selling which are overwrite label on
the chart classes but not accessible by any other class other than the children.
And each child is required to have those five stages.
So now let's go ahead and do that.
So the way we make children have those steps as a requirement is by putting them on the base class and
you already know that the next thing is to make them abstract so that they can be overwrite label.
Now we could have also made them virtual but that was not part of the requirement as in the requirement.
There was nowhere where it said that we have to have pre written sales pitches.
It just said that they have to be overriding all by the children.
And that's all so we're gonna keep it simple and make them abstract.
Last thing is we need to make them hidden from the world and only accessible by the children.
This is when we use the protected access specified.
So if we use the protected access specified then any of the five methods will not be able to be access
from outside of the class but they can only be accessible by the child classes.
So let's go ahead and make five protected abstract methods on the salesman based class.
So I will say protected abstract void because it's not returning anything and I will say engage.
So that's the first step
Copy that.
And then the next one is establish trust
establish trust then address concerns.
All right.
That's great.
Address concerns and then demonstrate value.
So I would say demo value and then close.
All right.
So these are the ones now that we have them.
Let's go to retail salesperson and override these sales methods.
So I'll go to retail salesperson and over here I'll say rover it implement abstract class and we have
it right here pushed us down a little bit go
for engage.
I will simply say hello.
So I will just basically copy this guy and start to say hello for engage.
All right
for established trust I will say just want to help you quickly.
Just wanted to quickly help you
so I just wanted to quickly help you
for addressing concerns.
I will say everything is 80 percent discounted so I will say it's kind of like a general way of addressing
concerns.
So even though it's not like they have sure that they have a concern.
But you know we're just keeping it simple we're saying everything is 80 percent is counted OK.
And then for demonstrating value we will say our customers love it.
Our customers love it.
And then for close we will say
by this point.
OK so there we go.
Now obviously for other child classes we would have to inherit and define these methods as well.
But in order to keep this video short I will remove the rest of the child classes and only leave car
salesman and implement only for that.
So I'll get rid of insurance broker.
Well it is in that online marketer.
Get rid of that.
And then for a car salesman I'm basically we'll grab these some not bring a bag here.
So I'm not starting from scratch.
And then basically I will leave everything the same except the fact that I will say it's only 10 percent
discounted and now we'll say Buy this car.
And then the car pays theirs.
Get rid of that car.
So now we have what we need now for each class.
I'll put the methods in order into the cell.
Abstract class so as you can see we have the cells still here.
And what I will do is I will say this that engage now say this that establish trust.
Now say this dot.
So establish tracks address concern and then demo value.
And then this close.
OK.
So then I'll do the same exact thing for our retail OK.
Do the same thing for a retail salesperson.
Here we go.
Now let's go to program and let's call cell.
For each of these child classes so I'll go here and for retail person we're already doing that.
So I'll basically just copy paste that save some time I'll say car salesman.
All right so that's that.
And that's that.
Now just change the name to Mike.
How about that.
OK.
So as you can see we can call cell from each class.
No problem with that.
Now let's try to access any of the five stages of selling from any of the classes.
So remember we have a method named trust.
Establish trust.
Right.
That is not seen anywhere on retail salesperson.
Same with if we go to car salesmen and we try to do that you'll see we have no access to it.
Why.
Because it's protected.
Protected says Hey you.
You can access protect it basically says if you inherit me you can use me as a child or I can be used
within the class that I'm in.
So we're a salesman so salesmen obviously can if these were not abstract classes or these were just
protected like fields we can just make this protected as well.
And this can be used within salesmen but it can also be used inside of you know it's shop classes.
So right now first name could be access from within here.
But if I make it private you can't.
Right.
So we'll talk about privacy in the next video but that's what protected is is just says that it can
be used from within the class and it can be used from any class that inherits the class that it sent.
So in this case it's exactly what's happening.
But the outside world cannot access it.
And that's exactly what we want.
So now you can see that we're unable to access them from outside the class.
We have also defined each one specifically for each class.
And we have made them required.
So our business requirements are now complete.
Let's go ahead and run.
Go ahead here try to run this thing
and give it a few seconds.
OK.
As you can see.
Hello.
I just wanted to quickly help you.
Everything is 80 percent discount to our customers love it.
By this point.
Right.
Five stage process.
Now same thing for a car salesman.
Hello.
I just wanted to help you.
Everything is 10 percent discount.
Our customers love it.
Buy this car.
Obviously we have changed everything else but we just decided to change only a few things.
Would you see the point as you can see we're still calling the sell method but we're getting different
results just as expected.
Sounds great.
Now one more thing.
Their requirements said that they just wanted the methods to be private and they wanted to have a specific
definition.
So they just wanted these methods to have their own definition in each class and they wanted them to
be not be accessible from outside of the class.
And we already know that we've seen that.
However they didn't say anything about the order being exactly the way it is in each cell method.
Right now we do follow the orders so here we say engage establish trust address concerns demo value
close.
Same thing we do in car salesmen but if I put demo value in here right and the car salesman here Dad
would still work because in their requirements they didn't mention anything about it.
But for example let's just kind of like throw a curveball if they called call us back and they say hey
you know what.
There have been a problem where people are each child class is messing around and people who are implementing
other types from our car salesmen they're actually messing around and they're putting address concerns
first and engages last and close the second.
So you know it's not really it's not really working properly.
Can you make sure that these steps are locked.
Exactly.
And also notice another thing these are being repeated.
So that's called repetition.
So what we can do is we can actually go ahead here and we can make this concrete and what we can do
is we can say this that we're putting here right.
So based functionality unifies functionality that's shared and put it right here.
All right.
And that's it.
Now cell can no longer be overwritten because a concrete class so we can't mess with the order of how
things are being sold.
So now I have to take these out.
What I can do though is I can override each way and so each step can be or read and I can I can define
my own way how to engage and how to establish trust and how to address concerns and how to demo value
and how to close in each child class.
I can do that but I can't mess with the order in which they're being called because that is on the parent
class.
So imagine this is in another code repository then that's kind of like one companies and then there's
other companies that are using this base class.
Right let's say this is another company's class.
And if we didn't make this the order set then they might as well have changed the order of things and
messed up the way things are being sold right.
But right now they are not they are going to be concrete and stuck in a place in which they're supposed
to be cold.
So they're just some I wanted to kind of show that we can you know mess around with kind of inheritance
and encapsulation and kind of put the two things together right.
So you you want to combine these these concepts to understand the power behind it.
Because that's really where the power lies is combining these concepts together so I just wanted to
kind of like draw another requirement curve ball so to speak and then see how we can kind of save ourselves
from that by using concepts that we have already learned.
So that's it for now in the next video we'll be talking about private access specified.